---
layout: post
title:  "Twitter---reasons to add"
date:   2020-12-17 22:53:44 -0400
categories: investing, $TWTR
---

So today I have added to my position in Twitter. I initiated a small position earlier in the year. Initial reason to invest was simply because I was spending too much time on Twitter. And I have started noticing that the engagement levels were getting better. No fancy analysis there. 
However, once I had my money in there, I started looking into it more seriously. At this point, I am purely looking at it from a product perspective. The app as such has become more stable. The AI based timeline has gotten better and is now able to serve tweets which I am more likely to be interested in. The promoted content has increased but I guess thats how they are going to make money.

One of the features that I really like is the concept of who can be part of the conversation. Previously anyone could have replied to your tweets (unless if you had a private profile). Now you can choose who can reply. I think this would make the threads by creatives much better. In future, we would be able to see some very thoughtful (or entertaining) threads by some very influential people. This would drive engagement further. Speaking of threads, twitter is now much better at organizing threads. I remember how people used to number their tweets if they wanted to make a point which would span across tweets. Now its no longer required. This feature needs to improve but I am sure that it is going to get better.

Next is video. Twitter has increased its emphasis on video. I see more and more people doing periscopes. The flow is still not that great. But it is a start. I have recently noticed that Twitter is decommissioning Periscope in March 2021. So they are going to embed it into twitter itself. I think this is great. Hopefully that they would have an option to minimize the video and browse through the feed at the same time. I think we will more and more of interactive video engagement on Twitter starting next year. This would be the next big growth driver. Talking about videos and not mentioning Fleets would be unfair. I am not sure what to say here. I think it has been rushed. Fleets occupy prime real estate on the app but my experience till now has been flat. Not a great fan. Will keep watching how this would evolve.

Twitter also seems to be focusing on audio. Today they have announced TwitterSpaces. It looks like an adhoc conference call you would have with your friends and followers and publish for the public to see. I see people using this as a podcasting alternative. Podcasts have become a rage now and I wouldnt be surprised if we would see a shortcut for twitterspaces in the app itself. It would be cool if people can annotate the conversations and interact with the participants live. There is so much scope with one. Would be good to see where they would take this.

As you can see there are so many things that are happening in the twitter world. For a very long time the app has stayed stale. But it is sticky. It is where people can find whats happening now. It literally is the pulse of the world, for lack of a better word. It is hard to use but once you get a hang of it and you found your gang, there is nothing like it. It has made a huge impact in my life and has made me better in every which way. So I really hope it succeeds. 

But hope doesnt drive returns. Execution does. I really hope that the initiatives being undertaken are implemented well and we get to a point where Twitter is able to better monetize the product. There is a lot of value to be captured from the product. The people who use it love it. It is sticky. I can only imagine that management is aware of this and is able to make this a product loved not just by users but investors as well. Time will tell. 