---
layout: post
title:  "2020!"
date:   2020-12-31 22:53:44 -0400
categories: investing, life
---
In the past, I have tried doing posts looking back on the year. At the end, every year feels like a life event. Its natural to feel that way when you look back at how things progressed over the past few months. But I think everyone would agree that 2020 was nuts. I have been through some crazy years but this is at a different level. This time last year, I was on a flight back to my home. Cam back home just before the new year. I was so looking forward to it. Little did I know.

In December 2019, I saw a few people tweeting about a mysterious virus in China. I didnt think it was a big deal. It was only in early Jan when one of my favorite financial podcasts, Macrovoices, picked this up that I felt that this would be a serious thing. This followed by one of my friends, a PhD from Princeton, who raised an alarm on my unpreparedness towards the upcoming Pandemic. Till then, I didnt even know the difference between an epidemic and a pandemic. 

Now when I look back, it all seems like a blur. I started working from home in March. At first, it was different. Then it felt nice. Once the school work for the kids started, it felt bad. Slowly it got worse. And now I am numb. I cant believe I have been working from home for nine months. In hindsight, I am proud of the things I have achieved this year. It wasn't easy. But we got it done. If there is one thing that this year has taught me, it is the importance of family. I really enjoyed being with my kids. In fact, I feel blessed that I got an opportunity to spend so much time with them. All the time I spent with them would have been spent in commute. Most importantly I am happy that I have done a small part of being a parent. My spouse does all the heavy lifting usually. I hope I was able to contribute at least a little this year. 

The markets have been the craziest that I have experienced ever. And I was in the eye of the storm in the 2008 crisis. When the market fell in March, I felt absolutely horrendous. I knew that it was going to be bad. I was following the news very closely. Not what the mainstream media was filling us. But research from people in the know. I felt that the virus was going to be a major event in the markets. And I positioned myself in Gold. But that didnt help. At all. When the market fell, gold fell too. I was down by a significant amount. So when the market looked like it bottomed towards the end of March, I had no courage to bet. This was one of the greatest mistakes I have ever made. It was a mistake of omission. I had a sense of names that would grow when people were put on a lockdown. One of my hunches was that Peloton would do great. I was about to pull the trigger on an investment. But I didn't. Because I anchored myself in my recent losses. In March, I invested my money after a very serious thought. But still lost money. So I was scared. I couldnt muster the courage to invest in the names that I thought would perform well. This is the greatest lesson that I would take from 2020. To build conviction. To actually think through my decisions before I discard them. It's hard to do this in a volatile market. There are just way too many things happening. It is difficult to focus. But that is the skill I need to build. To focus and execute. In fact, that is my resolution for 2021. I will try to get better at discarding things that dont matter to me and focus on the few most important things. I know the things that I care about the most. I should only focus on those. Over the years, I have been very distracted by a general interest in many things. It has helped me in gaining a general understanding in various fields. It has been very useful in understanding the world. But now, I need to start focusing on few things that I care about most. I can use the knowledge I gained by being a generalist and focus this on the few fields that I care about the most.

This is probably the first time I have ever tried to make a new year resolution. I have always found them unsustainable. But what I am trying to do here is to change my lifestyle. I am going to invest more in my personal growth. That is the only way to improve. Lets see what 2021 has in store for me. Irrespective of what happens, I feel that my life is turning for the better. This year has helped me understand what is important for me. And I know that going forward I am going to focus on those and will work towards improving my life. It is going to happen. I can feel it. I have always worked hard. I am now going to do it with a purpose. 

I am glad that this year is coming to an end. I can only look at tomorrow with renewed hope. It is going to be a bright new world. 


