---
layout: post
title:  "Position Sizing"
date:   2020-12-24 01:53:44 -0400
categories: investing, portfolio construction
---
One of the things that we rarely see investing books talk about is position sizing. Sure the textbooks on portfolio construction do talk about it. At least indirectly. Position sizing is the side effect of portfolio optimization. But how much of this is useful for an individual investor. A typical investor who has a full time job and is investing part of his savings in the market doesn't have the luxury of running these models everytime he saves up enough money to invest.
And even if he were able to run this, is this a good approach for someone looking for wealth creation. I doubt it. Most money is made through a small percentage of stocks in a portfolio. And you make money only when those stocks make up a sizable portion of your portfolio. Otherwise it doesn't really matter. Over the past six months, I have had a couple of stocks which appreciated more than three times. Pretty good one would say. But reality is it didn't effect my portfolio's performance. Both of these were extremely small positions. They didnt add up to anything significant. So it didn't really matter. In hindsight, I think I should have done a better job at capital allocation (obviously). I had the capital to deploy. But I took shortcuts in analyzing the companies. I did not do a good job at valuing these. 
This is one thing I need to get better at. Whenever I have capital to deploy, I need to think hard to come up with a plan to allocate it. Right now, I just try to find a new stock that I can invest in. But I think it is a bad idea. Adding too many stocks might seem like diversification, but doesn't always work that way. What if I am always buying stocks that are highly correlated. What good does that do? I think I should evaluate the existing positions first before I try to invest in a new stock. Before I deploy new capital, my question should always be is there an existing stock that I can put this capital into. If I am not able to answer it that day, I should put this money into a broad market index. But I should revisit after a few days and see how the existing positions have performed and come up with my thesis of how they are going to perform in the future. If I am not able to find an existing stock to invest in, I should first find an existing stock that I need to divest out of.This way I would ensure that positions dont get too small.
I have learned the important lessor of position sizing through experience. The ultimate teacher. I need to remember this and try to improve in my position sizing skills.      