---
layout: post
title:  "2021!"
date:   2021-12-31 22:53:44 -0400
categories: investing, life
---
Well... what an year this has been. I cannot believe it whizzed past so fast. It is a strange feeling. Because it felt like I was doing a lot this year. I really felt the struggle this year. But here we are at the fag end of the year. It is crazy how our perception of time works.
The year started off pretty well actually. I did pass through a professional milestone. It was something I had really worked hard for. So the fact that I was rewarded for my efforts felt good. Most importantly, I was very happy to see the number of people who were genuinely happy for me. It was great. I am really thankful for that. But as with everything in life, good things have a tendency to pass by faster. Within a few days I felt like my role in the team was being diminished. It only took me a few days to realize that I wasn't being delusional. So professionally, this year was mixed. I am happy that I passed a milestone. But I am really confused on my career progression. I don't feel like I have a path going forward. I see the ceiling. It is up to me now. I need to navigate this the right way. Hopefully I keep myself focused and move in the right direction.  

Professional worries aside, this year I spent majority of my time looking for a house.It was a crazy experience. We have been looking to buy for a while now but this year we were actually serious. Out constraints with the school district do not make it easy. So I knew it wasn't going to be easy. Did I under-estimate how bad it was going to be! The market was the strongest I had ever seen. Every house we looked at had multiple offers. We increased the scope of our search. Placed multiple offers on properties. In most cases way above the asking. But we were almost always outbid. Finally we had an offer that was accepted. But we had to back out of it.  The timing wasnt great either. We had to scramble to find a rental with only a few days remaining on our existing lease. So yeah it was a lot of effort and nothing to show for. But that is how life is sometimes. We plough through things. I know we will start looking for houses again next year. Hopefully it is not going to be as crazy as it has been this year. One can only be hopeful.

Now coming to markets, 2021 was relentless here too.No easy sailing here. I know I made a few mistakes in stock picking this year. I trusted my gut much more than I should have. Which is another way of saying that I was lazy. But that didnt matter as much. The market was very choppy. It doesnt show up on the indices. The spread between the winners and losers was too much. Picking a couple of wrong stocks would have wreaked havoc on the portfolio. The right ploy this year would have been to invest in the index itself. But like they say, everyone is an expert after the tape prints. It is how we position ourselves before things happen that matters. I need to get better at this. I need to have better ways to measure my performance. I need to have a better methodology to funnel the right stocks to invest and I need to develop the right mindset. I think I am on the right path. I just need to focus and get rid of my laziness.

Which incidentally is a good segway to lay out my plans for next year. There is only a couple of things I need to do. Get less lazy and more focused. I know it would do me a world of good. It sounds easy and I believe it is. But it is not simple. I would really happy if I can make the right progress on this front. I dont find setting rigid goals appealing. In most cases it restricts you. I am more worried on the direction. I think if I focus on the few things I care about (kids, work and markets) and utilize my time well, I can do things way beyong what I expect myself to do now. Let's see what is in store for me this year. Only way to find out is to experience it. 

