----
layout: post
title:  Uncertainty
date:   2025-04-03 07:06:36
categories:  life,lessons
---
The only certain thing in life is Uncertainty. Well that and death of course. But I am not here to talk about finality. I am always amazed at how life has taught me all the lessons the hard way. When you are young and are living life in your bubble, you tend to think of life as a series of steps that will take you to a destination that you already see. Study well, get a degree, get a job or start a business. No matter what story you tell yourself, you feel like you know where you will end up. Only to be greeted by the realities of life. 

Thinking that we know what is going to happen, gives us comfort. It only lasts for a fleeting moment. Life operates at various levels. When you distill someone's life and look at it from outside, it might seem like it was a straight path. But that is not the case. No one knows what is going to happen the next second. But if things dont take a drastic turn, we will have an idea of what would happen in an year. And that is the paradox of life.

We live in constant bouts of uncertainty to make the path look certain. And this is what people mean when they say "It will all work out". Yeah, it will, in the end. It has to. It might not look exactly the way you imagined it to be.. but you will get close. And who knows, it might be much better than you ever thought it would be. We dont know it. But that shouldn't stop us from doing the work. Keep moving in the right direction and you will make it. At least that is the only way I know to deal with a life filled with randomness. I will only know when the time is right if this is the right way to think about it.

