---
layout: post
title:  "What it takes to win"
date:   2025-03-09 20:12:44 -0400
categories:  life,lessons
---

We all want to win. That much for sure I know. I have not seen anyone who would say that they are here just to play. I know that's how we are supposed to look at things. But I have not seen anyone who doesn't want to win. 
Now I know what Bhagavat Gita says. Krishna told Arjuna to fulfill his duties but not worry about the results. But in case of a sportsman, isnt his duty to win. Especially in a team sport. I am sure each individual can aspire to do his job to the best of his abilities but ultimately the team has to win. That is his Dharma. At least thats how I understand it.
I know obsessing over winning is bad, but having goals is not bad in my opinion. When you are playing a game, the goal is to win. This requires strategy and effort. And a lot of effort goes into planning for the win. If I were to understand the meaning of the verses correctly, I think Bhagavan is asking us to not fall short on preparation for our goals. And ultimately not fall short in our execution. But do not worry about the result. If our efforts are clean and our preparation is correct, results would follow. If not, we should understand that there was something lacking in our preparation. This is a very deep topic and something that I am very interested in.

Do not think I can put in all my thoughts on this here. I need to explore this further and will keep working on this idea in later posts. 
