---
layout: post
title:  "The weekend feeling"
date:   2025-03-07 20:12:44 -0400
categories:  life,lessons
---
I cannot believe that we are one week into March already. As I mentioned earlier, I do feel that time starts running faster as we age. There are multiple things that pull us in different directions. Time remains the same but what we need to get done increases by at least 10 times. So it does seem like time is running. But in fact, time remains the same. It is us who are running. Work, kids, friends and an increased urge to know about what is happening in the world. 
When I was a kid, I did not care much about what was happening in the world. I would read the newspaper everyday because we used to get it. But for me that was a ritual. It was not something that effected me. As I got older, I started to take interest in the workings of the world. Internet was just becoming mainstream as I was doing my under graduate. So it was easy to be "involved" in news. First it was the IRC chat forums, then Orkut, Myspace, Facebook and then finally Twitter. That was where I was getting most of the news from. But this was not the same as reading the newspaper when I was a kid. This was more engaging. Way more engaging. There was a point where I couldn't go for more than 30 minutes without checking my feed. News became obsession. I ended up spending way too much time online. But not everything was bad about it. I did meet some of the most interesting guys this way. I learnt a lot about the world through Twitter and Reddit. 

But as I get older, I no longer feel the need to engage with news. I don't feel the need to contribute to the massive machine that is the internet. It's funny that I say this here because I am going to post this online. But puns aside, social media has become a sewer. There are some very good voices out there but I am finding it difficult to get to them. Maybe this is good for me. As I get to the weekend, I feel much fresh. This is in spite of having a very busy week. Doomscrolling on the internet just fries your brain. I am not completely out of it. I still check my feed once in a while. But I have cut it down by a lot. And I can see the effects already. I feel much better mentally. I really hope I keep up with this practice. 

