---
layout: post
title:  "Hidden Sacrifices"
date:   2025-03-08 20:12:44 -0400
categories:  life,lessons
---
Today I was watching a podcast where the host was interviewing a prominent sports person. I have watched him play for many years. He is around the same age as me and I had heard his name since childhood. He was the most promising player from my state and everyone had high hopes on him. However his career was marred with controversies. When I was younger, I used to think that this guy was spoiling his career with his attitude. He had the talent but he was not able to convert it to success. At least thats what I thought.

But then I saw him struggle and go through so many trials and tribulations throughout his career, that I was convinced that this was not the man that the media was portraying him to be. No one gets to be a world class player without discipline and dedication. Thats the key. Without it no one gets anywhere. 

We only see what the media tells us or things that flow through the grapevine. But they are rarely true. People write or say whatever they want to say.. but there are a lot of sacrifices that one goes through achieve success. It is not easy. And most times peple might not even understand what the person is going through. One thing I understood from the podcast is that we should do what we got to do. There is no point letting others get into your head. But that is not easy. We are always getting effected by what others are saying. We should never let it become our inner voice. Our inner voice should be focused on following the values that we were brought up with and to carry on the effort to get to the level that we need to. Never swerve. 
